feat(react-scheduler): add capability to edit recurring appointments (#2168)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/reference/editing-menu.md

```js
import { EditingMenu } from '@devexpress/dx-react-scheduler-material-ui';
```

If you are going to use custom theme components, import the themeless version of this plugin instead:

```js
import { EditingMenu } from '@devexpress/dx-react-scheduler';
```

## User Reference

### Dependencies

- [EditingState](editing-state.md)

### Properties

Name | Type | Default | Description
-----|------|---------|------------
layoutComponent | ComponentType&lt;[EditingMenu.LayoutProps](#editingmenulayoutprops)&gt; | | A component that renders the menu's layout.
overlayComponent | ComponentType&lt;[EditingMenu.OverlayProps](#editingmenuoverlayprops)&gt; | | A component that renders the overlay window.
buttonComponent | ComponentType&lt;[EditingMenu.ButtonProps](#editingmenubuttonprops)&gt; | | A component that renders the OK and Cancel buttons.
messages | ComponentType&lt;[EditingMenu.LocalizationMessages](#editingmenulocalizationmessages)&gt; | | An object that contains localized messages.

## Interfaces

### EditingMenu.LayoutProps

Properties passed to a component that renders the editing menu's layout.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------

> isDeleting | boolean | **true** if the appointment is being deleted, **false** if it is being edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
isDeleting | boolean | **true** if the appointment is being deleted or **false** if it is being edited.
```

buttonComponent | ComponentType&lt;[EditingMenu.ButtonProps](#editingmenubuttonprops)&gt; | A component that renders the OK and Cancel buttons.
handleClose | () => void | A function that closes the menu.
commit | () => void | A function that commits changes.

> availableOperations | Array&lt;string&gt; | A list of editing operations available to users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
availableOperations | Array&lt;string&gt; | A list of available editing operations.
```

> getMessage | (messageKey: string) => string | A function that returns a message that has the specified key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
getMessage | (messageKey: string) => string | A function that returns a message with the specified key.
```

### EditingMenu.OverlayProps

Properties passed to a component that renders the overlay window.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
target | ReactInstance | A React component instance or a DOM element that is used to position the window.
visible | boolean | A flag that specifies whether the overlay window is visible.

> onHide | () => void | A function to execute when the window hides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onHide | () => void | A function that is executed when the window is hidden.
```

children | ReactNode | A React node used to render the window's content.

### EditingMenu.ButtonProps

Properties passed to a component that renders the OK and Cancel buttons.

Field | Type | Description
------|------|------------
title | string | The button's text.

> onClick | () => void | A function to execute when the button is clicked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
onClick | () => void | A function that is executed when the button is clicked.
```

## Localization Messages

Field | Type | Default | Description
------|------|---------|------------

> current? | string | 'This appointment' | A text for the 'Current appointment' choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current? | string | 'This appointment' | Text for the 'Current appointment' option.
```

> currentAndFollowing? | string | 'This and following appointments' | A text for the 'Current and following appointments' choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
currentAndFollowing? | string | 'This and following appointments' | Text for the 'Current and following appointments' option.
```

> all? | string | 'All appointments' | A text for the 'All appointments' choice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
all? | string | 'All appointments' | Text for the 'All appointments' option.
```

> menuEditingTitle? | string | 'Edit recurring appointment' | The menu's title to display when an appointment is being edited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menuEditingTitle? | string | 'Edit recurring appointment' | The menu's title that is displayed when an appointment is being edited.
```

> menuDeletingTitle? | string | 'Delete recurring appointment' | The menu's title to display when an appointment is being deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
menuDeletingTitle? | string | 'Delete recurring appointment' | The menu's title that is displayed when an appointment is being deleted.
```

closeButton? | string | 'Cancel' | The Cancel button's text.

> commitButton? | string | 'OK' | Specifies the OK button's text.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
commitButton? | string | 'OK' | The OK button's text.
```
